add 3 monitoring documents (#2791)
pingcap/docs: deploy-monitoring-services.md

---

> title: Deploy Monitoring Services for TiDB Cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Deploy Monitoring Services for the TiDB Cluster
```

summary: Learn how to deploy monitoring services for the TiDB cluster.
category: how-to
aliases: ['/docs/dev/how-to/monitor/monitor-a-cluster/','/docs/dev/monitor-a-tidb-cluster/']
---

> # Deploy Monitoring Services for TiDB Cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Deploy Monitoring Services for the TiDB Cluster
```

> This document is useful if you want to manually deploy the TiDB monitoring and alert services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document is intended for users who want to manually deploy TiDB monitoring and alert services.
```

> If you deploy the TiDB cluster using TiUP, the monitoring and alert services are automatically deployed, and no manual deployment is required.

Reviewer: `required` makes the meaning confusing.
```suggestion
If you deploy the TiDB cluster using TiUP, the monitoring and alert services are automatically deployed, and no manual deployment is needed.
```
